Moving `TestSimpleStepper` to `SimpleStepper` (#150)
idaholab/fenix: doc/content/source/userobjects/SimpleStepper.md

# SimpleStepper

!syntax description /UserObjects/SimpleStepper

> The SimpleStepper is intended to be used when simulating flow where the particles in the system are not subject to any external forces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SimpleStepper is intended to be used when simulating flows where the particles in the system are not subject to any external forces. One example of this is neutral particle simulations.
```

> This object sets the particles to trace along it's current direction with the maximum distance set by the current velocity and time step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object sets the particles to trace along its current direction with the maximum distance set by the current velocity and time step.
```
